OSDOCS-3419: healthCheckInterval Parameter documentation (#44848)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/nw-ingress-controller-configuration-parameters.adoc

* `headerBufferBytes` specifies how much memory is reserved, in bytes, for Ingress Controller connection sessions. This value must be at least `16384` if HTTP/2 is enabled for the Ingress Controller. If not set, the default value is `32768` bytes. Setting this field not recommended because `headerBufferBytes` values that are too small can break the Ingress Controller, and `headerBufferBytes` values that are too large could cause the Ingress Controller to use significantly more memory than necessary.

* `headerBufferMaxRewriteBytes` specifies how much memory should be reserved, in bytes, from `headerBufferBytes` for HTTP header rewriting and appending for Ingress Controller connection sessions. The minimum value for `headerBufferMaxRewriteBytes` is `4096`. `headerBufferBytes` must be greater than `headerBufferMaxRewriteBytes` for incoming HTTP requests. If not set, the default value is `8192` bytes. Setting this field not recommended because `headerBufferMaxRewriteBytes` values that are too small can break the Ingress Controller and `headerBufferMaxRewriteBytes` values that are too large could cause the Ingress Controller to use significantly more memory than necessary.

> * `healthCheckInterval` defines how long the router waits between health checks. The default is `5s`.

Reviewer: Just for consistency's sake :slightly_smiling_face: 
```suggestion
* `healthCheckInterval` specifies how long the router waits between health checks. The default interval is `5s`.
```

Author: Indeed

* `headerBufferBytes` specifies how much memory is reserved, in bytes, for Ingress Controller connection sessions. This value must be at least `16384` if HTTP/2 is enabled for the Ingress Controller. If not set, the default value is `32768` bytes. Setting this field not recommended because `headerBufferBytes` values that are too small can break the Ingress Controller, and `headerBufferBytes` values that are too large could cause the Ingress Controller to use significantly more memory than necessary.

* `headerBufferMaxRewriteBytes` specifies how much memory should be reserved, in bytes, from `headerBufferBytes` for HTTP header rewriting and appending for Ingress Controller connection sessions. The minimum value for `headerBufferMaxRewriteBytes` is `4096`. `headerBufferBytes` must be greater than `headerBufferMaxRewriteBytes` for incoming HTTP requests. If not set, the default value is `8192` bytes. Setting this field not recommended because `headerBufferMaxRewriteBytes` values that are too small can break the Ingress Controller and `headerBufferMaxRewriteBytes` values that are too large could cause the Ingress Controller to use significantly more memory than necessary.

> * `healthCheckInterval` defines how long the router waits between health checks. The default is `30s`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* `healthCheckInterval` defines how long the router waits between health checks. The default is `5s`.
```

* `serverFinTimeout` specifies how long a connection is held open while waiting for the server response to the client that is closing the connection. The default timeout is `1s`.

* `serverTimeout` specifies how long a connection is held open while waiting for a server response. The default timeout is `30s`.

> * `tlsInspectDelay` specifies how long the router can hold data to find a matching route. Setting this value too short can cause the router to fall back to the default certificate for edge-terminated, reencrypted, or passthrough routes, even when using a better matched certificate. The default inspect delay is `5s`.

Reviewer 2: tlsInspectDelay is alphabetically after threadCount
